Writerside/topics/Materials-Page.md, before:

# Materials Page Optimization

## New Materials Page

- DO NOT Duplicate another materials page if the location already has one.
- Create from scratch.
    - Add a new page “Blank Normal Page”
    - Copy HTML code from the top and bottom of Plano, Tile
- The top block is HTML Code module – Edit the H1 to match the Word Doc.
- The next block is a Component Template – HTML dropdown.
    - This content is the top heading and paragraph
    - Paste it into the Word2HTML tool. Click Clean. Adjust H2, etc.
    - Paste the HTML template component after clicking the [Source] <> button and clearing the contents.
    - This block shouldn’t have a hyperlink but a CTA button. Scroll down to find the CTA Label and CTA Link.
- The third block is another Component Template. Repeat the above steps for the remaining content in the Word Doc. (You do not need a CTA button)
- The final section is another HTML code module for the CTA section, with nothing to edit.
- Under Page>Page Options, The Page Title is the SEO Title Tag.
- Then further under advanced, Description is Meta Description.
- Publish the page using “Save and Publish” under the Save Draft dropdown.
- View the live page under the Preview dropdown.
- Put the live link in [implementation tracker OneNote doc](https://oneupweb.sharepoint.com/sites/localmarketing/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7b5b70e07d-8986-4311-b652-89f81c07c4fc%7d&action=edit&wd=target%28Implementation.one%7C63218e3a-35e4-44ee-9d32-0d2eebc94973%2FImplementation%20Tracker%20for%20Speed%7Ce61d5783-3283-4ddb-9c36-af6c8ecb65ef%2F%29&wdorigin=NavigationUrl) and in the task comment when you tag Tyler.
- Mark the task Implemented by adding to the Implemented board.
- Person who QAs the page will update the board from Implemented to QA Complete once QA is finished. Board will close the task out. Continue to document with a comment on the task and update status of deliverable in the [Local Strategy Tracker](https://oneupweb.sharepoint.com/:x:/s/client-floorcoveringsinternational/EfKwXOnspC5KvtM0KhJasMEBnPwhZBG3vZKykoTFTr2E-w?e=KhmanZ)

## Block Snippets

<include from="components.md" element-id="header-footer-twig-code"></include>
<include from="components.md" element-id="header-code"></include>
<include from="components.md" element-id="footer-code"></include>

## Utility Snippets

<include from="utility-codes.md" element-id="css-utility-classes"></include>
<include from="utility-codes.md" element-id="button-options"></include>
<include from="utility-codes.md" element-id="one-column-list-style"></include>
<include from="utility-codes.md" element-id="two-column-split-layout"></include>

Commit message:

add Finance-Page.md and update fci.tree and getting-started.topic to include finance page instructions; modify workspace.xml to reflect recent changes

Writerside/topics/Materials-Page.md, after:

# Materials Page

## New & Optimization Materials Implementation Guide
This is usually used to create page names such as wood, carpet, tile, etc. This guide provides step-by-step instructions for creating/editing/deleting content on local location materials pages. This guide also provides short codes that can be used in the process for creating a page.

- DO NOT Duplicate another materials page if the location already has one.
- Create from scratch.
    - Add a new page “Blank Normal Page”
    - Copy HTML code from the top and bottom of Plano, Tile
- The top block is HTML Code module – Edit the H1 to match the Word Doc.
- The next block is a Component Template – HTML dropdown.
    - This content is the top heading and paragraph
    - Paste it into the Word2HTML tool. Click Clean. Adjust H2, etc.
    - Paste the HTML template component after clicking the [Source] <> button and clearing the contents.
    - This block shouldn’t have a hyperlink but a CTA button. Scroll down to find the CTA Label and CTA Link.
- The third block is another Component Template. Repeat the above steps for the remaining content in the Word Doc. (You do not need a CTA button)
- The final section is another HTML code module for the CTA section, with nothing to edit.
- Under Page>Page Options, The Page Title is the SEO Title Tag.
- Then further under advanced, Description is Meta Description.
- Publish the page using “Save and Publish” under the Save Draft dropdown.
- View the live page under the Preview dropdown.
- Put the live link in [implementation tracker OneNote doc](https://oneupweb.sharepoint.com/sites/localmarketing/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7b5b70e07d-8986-4311-b652-89f81c07c4fc%7d&action=edit&wd=target%28Implementation.one%7C63218e3a-35e4-44ee-9d32-0d2eebc94973%2FImplementation%20Tracker%20for%20Speed%7Ce61d5783-3283-4ddb-9c36-af6c8ecb65ef%2F%29&wdorigin=NavigationUrl) and in the task comment when you tag Tyler.
- Mark the task Implemented by adding to the Implemented board.
- Person who QAs the page will update the board from Implemented to QA Complete once QA is finished. Board will close the task out. Continue to document with a comment on the task and update status of deliverable in the [Local Strategy Tracker](https://oneupweb.sharepoint.com/:x:/s/client-floorcoveringsinternational/EfKwXOnspC5KvtM0KhJasMEBnPwhZBG3vZKykoTFTr2E-w?e=KhmanZ)

## Block Snippets

<include from="components.md" element-id="header-footer-twig-code"></include>
<include from="components.md" element-id="header-code"></include>
<include from="components.md" element-id="footer-code"></include>

## Utility Snippets

<include from="utility-codes.md" element-id="css-utility-classes"></include>
<include from="utility-codes.md" element-id="button-options"></include>
<include from="utility-codes.md" element-id="one-column-list-style"></include>
<include from="utility-codes.md" element-id="two-column-split-layout"></include>
